So how early do you get the family involved with the next step? Next career
stuff. So, frankly, you better have your wife, your significant
other wife for May files for involved from the get go. Okay, So you're
married, go north, walk, and then we're gonna choose a ship from
there and figure out where we're going. So we knew what should like.
We're going to new reports. We have to go without something, so you'll
get some house hunting leave and you want to take the family.
That's about the latest. You want to let everybody know you don't want
to come home and find aides say, Hey, we're moving toe San Diego
on Monday, vory 40 men or being a word for that, you might want to use
that kind of logic, I believe. Ill communications, happy spouse.
Happy life. So definitely people spouse involved. And the kids. You
know, kids kids are called military brats for one reason. They follow
you around the world. Um, you know, they're gonna wanna know that
they're moving. So that's what if you know, you should tell him the
way I assumed you. Find out. You should I will say as you get senior
in right, the shorter time frame that you're gonna find that out Fat
Funny story I know is when the A dispersion will be built in the Reagan
years. One commanding officer's academy, Graduate pictures, entire
war. What Little God also not. I said he was home 54. Well, the
skipper for Whole 53 had burner. So whole skipper for Whole 54 to go
to 53. Who says he doesn't have a sense of humor? The new skipper
for 54 walls, of course. Ain't on the academy. Funny the way it was
hurt when your suit. So the point. That sorry. Is it just, you know,
your senior? You're not gonna get that information as time with you.
You're a junior officer. The exactly Walser our head was ever call
for. Well, that's not the case. If you can't see her, you know, you're
it was quite a piece of me. You know their lives when this war peg
in a round hole. It's so